Initial changes regarding AWS (#695)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-publishing/aws.md

---
title: Amazon S3
description: How to publish build artifacts to Amazon S3 using codemagic.yaml
weight: 7
aliases: [/publishing/publish-build-artifacts-to-amazon-s3, /flutter-publishing/publish-build-artifacts-to-amazon-s3, /knowledge-base/publish-build-artifacts-to-amazon-s3]
---

In order to publish your web application to AWS S3:

> 1.  You will first need to provide Codemagic access to your Amazon S3 account for publishing. Add your credentials as [environment variables](..variables/environment-variable-groups) named `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` respectively to a group in the Codemagic UI which you can reference in your `codemagic.yaml` file. In the below example, we have created a group called `aws_credentials`. Make sure to select **Secure** when adding them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  You will first need to provide Codemagic access to your Amazon S3 account for publishing. In the Codemagic UI, add your credentials as [environment variables](..variables/environment-variable-groups) named `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` respectively (make sure to select **Secure** when adding them) and save them to a group that you can reference in your `codemagic.yaml` file. In the below example, we have created a group called `aws_credentials`.
```

You can follow the [instructions](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/backup-to-s3-cli/) provided by Amazon to create your account and get the necessary details.

> 2.  Add the script to your `scripts` section before your build script to update the S3 bucket. `<FOLDER OR FILE>` refers to a specific folder or file to be synced. Replace `<BUCKET_NAME>` with your actual bucket name. Note that all the artifact files that Codemagic generates during the build are located in `FCI_BUILD_OUTPUT_DIR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Add the script below to your `scripts` section before your build script to update the S3 bucket. `<FOLDER OR FILE>` refers to a specific folder or file to be synced. Replace `<BUCKET_NAME>` with your actual bucket name. Note that all the artifact files that Codemagic generates during the build are located in `FCI_BUILD_OUTPUT_DIR`.
```

---

You can use custom scripts to publish your app artifacts to external sources. Here's an example for publishing to [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/).

1.  You will first need to provide Codemagic access to your Amazon S3 account for publishing. Add your credentials as [environment variables](..variables/environment-variable-groups) named `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` respectively to a group in the Codemagic UI which you can reference in your `codemagic.yaml` file. In the below example, we have created a group called `aws_credentials`. Make sure to select **Secure** when adding them.

You can follow the [instructions](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/backup-to-s3-cli/) provided by Amazon to create your account and get the necessary details.

2.  Add the script to your `scripts` section before your build script to update the S3 bucket. `<FOLDER OR FILE>` refers to a specific folder or file to be synced. Replace `<BUCKET_NAME>` with your actual bucket name. Note that all the artifact files that Codemagic generates during the build are located in `FCI_BUILD_OUTPUT_DIR`.

```yaml
environment:
    groups:
      - aws_credentials

>   ... your other build steps

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase it as "your other environment settings" or simply omit it
 > ... your other build steps

scripts:

>   ... your dependencies installation

Reviewer: maybe it's better to format it as a comment line

  - name: Update S3 bucket
    script: |
        sudo pip3 install awscli --upgrade
        aws s3 sync <FOLDER OR FILE> s3://<BUCKET_NAME>

>   ... your build commands

Reviewer: here too
